Adding field description md document and correcting broken links. (#8)
CONP-PCNO/conp-documentation: CONP_DATS_fields.md

**Every dataset must be described following those guidelines.**

The information will be used to create your resource landing page on the CONP portal and will help other users to find your dataset. 

| | |
|-|-|
|title|**REQUIRED**. The name of the dataset, usually one sentence or short description of the dataset. The title needs to be short and easily recognizable and searchable. If an acronym, please also provide the long name.|
|creators|**REQUIRED**. The person(s) or organization(s) which contributed to the creation of the dataset. This can be the principal investigator, hospital, university, centre, clinic, etc. If no other contact is provided this will be the main contact for this dataset.|
|description|**REQUIRED**. A short paragraph providing a rapid overview of the dataset and the context of data collection. Suggestion of items to include in the description (if applicable): main use of the dataset, population studied, study design, sample size, data collected, methods, techniques, apparatus used to generate the data.|

> |types|**REQUIRED**. Standardized terms to describe the nature  of the data. You can have only one data type, or multiple. Please choose from the proposed controlled terminology.  Add a term if needed with the [interlex URI](https://neuinfo.org/interlex/dashboard) if possible.| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|types|**REQUIRED**. Standardized terms to describe the nature of the data. You can have a single data type, or multiple. Please choose from the proposed controlled terminology. Add a term if needed with the [interlex URI](https://neuinfo.org/interlex/dashboard) if possible.| 
```
